who destroys reputation. I think that's been true for a long time for him, actually. And I just don't think he can get out of his own way. I actually think that's why I really liked the Rogan where he was on because Rogan kept saying, Hey, shut up. let's stay here. why is this right? And he's like, well, Joe, and then he starts talking about frogs. He's like, I don't give a fuck about that, Alex. What are you talking about? But then if you Google the thing about the frogs, He's right. Do you know that? Did you not have been to the Bohemian Grove? Have you really? Because I, where I was doing door-to-door sales, I looked it up. It was 22 minutes from where we were staying and I'm like, I want to go. So... I did see the Al god. It's real then. Wait, I don't actually know the bookie movie. You can do Bohemian Grove in Mad. It'll give you a route. I started this when my wife was like, what's the FC list? like, well, you have to go back to Bohemian Grove and Alex Jones. That's actually how I started. Because like he literally infiltrated this club, essentially. Richard Nixon said it was the gayest thing he's ever been upon. Like people dress up in costcards and they essentially worship an owl god and allegedly do like human sacrifices to it, which after adjusting 5 times comes out. I don't know if I disbelieve anymore. That part is unconfirmed, but it is confirmed they would go to these parties, dress up, kind of like eyes wide shut, but with an owl god, and just hang out. Like high level people, politicians, Bill Gates level. But that doesn't seem, I mean, that's like Freemasonry in the LDS Church. I hear you and I don't necessarily disagree, but it goes to a pretty wild place there. He takes videos, post it online, and then he starts infiltrating other places. We talking about Alex Jones. And then he comes out like 4 or five, 6 months after Bohemian Grove and he's like, guys, there's a pedophile elite ring. He said that in 2011 and he's like led by a guy named Epstein. got an island. fuck all these kids on this island and they eat their livers and it's all run by the Jews. And now it turns out, do you know Israel's mentioned in the Epstein files more than any other individual or entity? Like, fuck, dude. The Epstein Fouls, MAI is the worst thing for James Mental health. I actually, I haven't spent way less time on it than I want to because I... The only thing that would have been funnier is if you said that I need to. Oh, that's I don't need to do it anymore. Anyways, I can do for you guys. You guys doing okay. No, I'm excited. I just gonna keep pushing more partners because that's gonna be the biggest thing right now. I know Kennard's very concerned about it, and I do think that you guys will need me in March as well. Oh, I agree. And if I make enough money, I'll push for April if I'm hitting my quota. And yeah, no, like, I think you guys are great, and I don't see any world, no matter what layoffs happen, neither of you are not still here, just so you know. And that I don't feel the same about anyone in leadership. Like literally? Well, they're too expensive. That, but yeah. Like, me, Canard, Tony, Ben, Brian, probably. Like, there's a lot of people who like, if things don't pan out, all of us are on the chopping block. And it's not just, uh, dollars, it's also shares, because they can recapture shares and the evolution effects go down. They can rebuy them back, they can do all kinds of stuff. And post-series A. They don't have to give out as many shares to someone who didn't. have all of our shares. Like, none of they can just give less. I have any shares that are messaged yet. It's less risky to join a series A company, so they don't have to give up as much. Oh, they won't. They absolutely won't. I was running a whole department and like was the backbone of a 300 person or was 150 reps. I had like 10,000 shares. And it's worth $5 a share. Which 50 grand is not nothing, but I made that in one month at really good consulting once. I worked my ass off, but anyways. Did anything you guys need for me, let me know. Thank you, James. Thank you. Thank you. Yeah I'd love to... You mean a Voma connection? and even partners. Deal. I'm actually genuine. 56 to go. I am planning to say, hey, if this were to move forward for like anything under a 1000 calls, we'll figure it out. You have to, even if our team has to do a menu. How much revenue would it drive? Even better. Rev partners is hard. So they're only going to have 20 or so users and they'll be at partner pricing. so it's like 10. So it's, what is that? $12,000 a year. But the part that matters more is the referrals. They actually, they're 1st off, one of their founders is like really good friends with Crispy. And so they are adopting this AI thing. They already are partners with Clay. They're like already moving towards this route. They're already mad that Rob got you? No. I'll be with her tomorrow. This is Rev partner. It was an intro from Crispy. Oh, cool. Like the world will they bring in 30 referrals a month is not, you know. If you can tell them, hey, we can make this happen. If you can give us your API credentials today, or just as soon as possible, we can make that happen really, really fast. So I'm not going to say like that. That tells me what I can say is we would need your API credentials? Yep. We know how OMA exports things and we can find a way to make it work. Yeah. Like, I've been Ivan, he's the new developer. He in the last 3 days has gotten us, Mojo, almost Fathom, he's almost on Fathom and Brain imports work. Love it. I also, so that's perfect context. I'm going to go tell them that we can just, if it came, we don't have it yet, but we're doing a lot of them. We'd make it work for them if we needed to. At some point we watch that video and let me and Tanner know today if that is something we can do. Um, easily. Otherwise, I'm going to buy them and say like, hey, no, we don't. You don't, like... We're not a note taker. That's the whole freaking problem. Talking with Sam, maybe this helps. is he, he's said a couple times. hes like, look, we keep on saying we're not a note taker, but if people would use this as a note taker, we might as well be a damn good note taker. That's what I've been saying since I started I know. And that's what I've been being bad at what we do doesn't make it people not think is what we do. Yeah. So he's like, for example, we say it's a shitty burger. It doesn't mean McDonald's isn't a burger place. He's like, we have meeting recaps in summaries. We have coachings. like why not make those incredible experiences instead of all these other things. And the hard thing is that, like you said, we've been trying to push for that, but because we haven't had like, like, if I say that, it means nothing because it's Tyler, your dumbass. And also, I do agree that I am a dumbass in some of those things. But with Sam, it's like, he's like, oh, here's the data that drives that. This actually makes sense and can have the right conversation with Woody to try something like that. So. Agreed. Anyway, sorry for the chat. Oh, it was helpful. I think it was helpful. Cheers. Thanks, too, Cheers. James now knows I know too much about Alex Jones. That's impressive, probably. I wanted to be like, like when I talk about stuff with Emma. She's nice, and I'm like, this is so the tip of the iceberg, like you're lucky I don't get into what? Also, I'm everything is so... Everyone has a motive, everyone has subjective. Everyone reads data incorrectly. Um, The keto people of the world would continue to reference this like 2002 study about like people would eat 40% more calories if they had oatmeal versus if they ate eggs, that's it for breakfast, like just because of like your sugar cravings throughout the day. And I went and looked at the study, it was oatmeal, eggs, orange juice, and fruit, and then the other was like, um, eggs, uh, apples, no oatmeal, like it still included a lot of carbs, but how it's always been framed as this keto breakfast versus a carb breakfast. I'm like, this isn't at all. Like, how did you get to this conclusion? People lie to sell their stuff. And they sound smart. And so anyways. Um, That was good conversation. How do you feel about that? Well, good, actually. From the time I sent you a slack message, I had a conversation with Sam and with Brian, and it was really helpful. Um, Basically the, uh, I, I don't actually find myself spinning or like think I'm stressed. And then, I was mentioning, it got set apart on Sunday. Guy put his hands on my head, blacked out, just thinking about work, just like going through every project that every engineer's working on, all the things I think I'm responsible for. Maybe I'm not. And then all of a sudden, I was like, all right, thank you so much. And I walked out. Imagine like, you seem off, I'm like, I forgot the Sunday scares. Let me tell you. And it was like a 30 minute thing of like, she's like, do you actually want to know everything that's on my mind? like, holy crap. And the same thing happened with us. I gave her a panic attack. Yeah, I gave my thanks. It wasn't good. But then even for Trevin's birthday party when I was driving down, I was just like, there's so much in my brain. And so I did a voice recording. and it's 30 minutes of me trying to be like, what do I actually expected to do? What am I doing? And what can I do to improve? So, and then like therapy on Monday. like, how are you doing? We're doing great. Like, I honestly thought I was doing great. And then we start talking and she's like, here's how your brain processes emotion and then like if you think about it and it triggers this, all of a sudden I started like, bawling, she's like, hey, what's up? I think I'm stressed. Like I think there's too much going on in my head. Like, can I can I draw a picture for you? She was like, sure, I'm like, these are my monitors. These are the projects I'm working on. This is how my brain works. It felt like the crazy drawing of all the things put together. So it really comes down to, I was like, look, there's things I know that I need to do. Like, I need to be exercising every day because I'm already I've got touchy breaks. Like I'm already, it's extremes of like, I don't, I don't get like sad extremes, like depressed, but it's more just the stress. like, but I know that if I go on a run, I feel great. It's not even like a self-image thing, it literally is for my health. If I exercise, I feel better. As like, and I know I'm not doing those things. Like, I haven't had like a true planned lunch in like 4 months. Maybe once. And I was like, and there's things that I know that I should be doing, but it's all of the stress of the other pieces together. So I was like, I need to talk to Samoth about it. So I met with Sam just barely and I was like, hey, respectfully. I have no idea what to expect it of me. like, I'd love if Woody would bring me into a room and say, hey, you're, I think I already said this to you, like, you're fatal. Sam, this? Yeah. And he's like, oh, that's great. And so he gave me a little bit of clarity. I was like, one is like, I want to don't even know what a PM does. I have no idea. Like, I've been doing this for 5 months with no, I, like, I've been doing this for 5 months without, like, a product mentor, like, we're pretending that we know. It's like, so you coming here. I don't actually know what to tell you of like, it's like, I know it's been 2 weeks and I've been putting this off, but part of it is, Not even the fear of like, Tyler doesn't know what he's doing it. I don't know what you expected me. He's like, so I love some clarity there. He's like, oh, So we talked about it a bit and it was helpful. But I also told him, like, also, I'm not used to having a remote manager, like, how much can I lean on you as a mentor for coaching for all this stuff? Because you are at the end of your career and you're coming from what, managing a 100 plus PM? is like, am I, is this annoying? Like what type of relationship do you actually want to have? He's like, yeah, dude, just like overcommunicate, whatever, whatever you need. like, I want to help. It's like, cool. I went from that and then I had a one on one with Brian because Brian earlier today, he's like, hey man, are you are you in over your head? And I started like, yeah, no. Yeah. And so we went and talked and he's like, Tyler. If you had, if I was a brand new hire and you could manage me and you just had to tell them, you had to tell me like what you do every day, how would you start? I was like, let me draw graph. I was like, here's all of the things that I think I'm responsible for. I was like, do you know how many of those? I'm sure that I'm responsible for. is like zero. So I even, I will show you this because I think it helps is like I went through and looked at all the calls that I have of like, thank you. It's not gonna work. It should. Yeah. And tried to make this list of, this is actually nice. It made this for me of like, this is what I think that I'm responsible for, all of these things, and then the things that I'm actually responsible for, and then what is or shouldn't be doing, but part of it is like the entire product process right now has no end. And it's who defines the roadmap, the thing all the way up to like when engineers get it. And then after an engineer's done, it goes to like product marketing. I don't know if he's on Slack today. But there was a there was a great training about internal search, right? And... global chat? Is that the same thing? That's exactly like the confusion. Aren't these the same thing? And so there was just all of, like, there were so many conversations around this of like, what it is or what it isn't, and it wasn't, I tried to be like, hey, Kensi, Tony, I love help here. And instead it was like, I actually just have to own this and like take over. But anyway, Brian was really helpful and he basically said, hey, man, you should you should make boundaries of like what you are expected to do, what you can do and what you can't do. Because I'm like, I already tend to say yes and overcommit and not having a boundary means that I just do anything. So, I don't know, it feels like good direction, but... Yeah. shit like that. Say 4 stars. Um, what did Sam say? Does streamline the initial deployment means you do it? Um, it means make help Kensi make her process better. But I'll worry about that later. Um, but one of the big pieces, too, is like, I would love. I know that I do so much better with structure of just like, this is when I go to bed. This is when I wake up. This is when I eat, this is when I exercise. And it has been like Monday, Thursday is great, but I'll be here till like 2 o'clock sometimes and it means that do you find you overcommit and perfectionize things sometimes too? Like, let's say you're like, I want to start running again. And so you're like, even if you're being modest, right? You're like, I used to run 20 miles a week, so I'm gonna run 10 miles this week. And then if you don't run at a certain time, is it like a little bit like, shit, I should have done that? No, it's, I wish, um, I wish it, like, because I went running a couple weeks ago, I was like, I'm going to run half mile. And I was like, I know I can run more, but I literally ran for 12 minutes and half a mile, like as slow as I could. What actually happens is the startup, like the actual, I'm going to get this done because in my head, I don't have I mean, I'm just talking out loud, but it hasn't been. I'm running so that I can de-stress so that I can do this so I can do this. It's like a task. So when I'm running instead, the thought is, shoot, what did I miss on this project, whereas this, and it's actually just, I should be doing other things. My time is over. the other thing I was worried about. So it's the lunch thing too of like, I could go eat lunch, but it's not worth my time. Yeah, so there's 2 things that we do because what I just said you've done before. Like we do with homework, right? You're like, I missed. So now I'm dropping out. You're like, I have an 89%. I am going to kill myself. And you're like, why? Like, I don't know. My brain is just like, we're hitting the eject button. Second thing, though, is we're both really good at like one well-defined North Star. And for you, that is like good at work right now. And so the problem with that is anything that is outside of work, whether it's thought, emotion, time, anything. Even if you logically know it's good for you, it is emotionally felt as a you're going to fail school. You're gonna, like the alarm bells of everything's gonna crash down on you just go, even though logically you're like, I feel great. Yeah. Um, and so before I just go on a spiel is like the question, how do I kind of prioritize those things out of like the logic of I should just learn to say no more and stuff. Like, what is the question what did I do? Like I want to answer the right question here. Because I can talk forever. Yeah, I don't know if I even have a question. Part of it is like, one, um, Maybe it is even just talking through like, hey, I need to set boundaries for work of like, I actually know I'm not very productive the next day if I'm up until 2 in the morning doing work because I might not start till 10. But there's just so many, it's not even like I want to say yes to everything. It's, I don't know who else is gonna do it. I don't know where to quarterback it to. And part of it is the conversation I had with Brian is I need to actually just set better boundaries and learn what my way is. What happens if it's not quarterback? Like, what happens if it's not? It's what happened today in product council is that I try to do that and there are like 3 different things. Where's this at? And the room goes quiet. And I kind of just have to default to the like trash kind of like, that's on me. Like, there's nobody else that can pick that up that would have. So either I should have communicated it or I should have done it. So it is on me. were you aware of it before they brought it up? Yeah, and that's the hard thing too, is like, here's, I can tell you why. I don't actually even feel guilty for it. It is more just, here's the situation. This is everything else I did. It got dropped. We can work on that. And it's not even guilt. It's just like, So the awareness, like, I don't think anyone's upset and your awareness is good. And so I think, well, there's there's like 2 problems here is there one is how do I define what is most productive at work? Oh, yeah. And so the 1st thing I would say is you can't just say I need to say the, I need to learn to say no more. That's like, I really want to eat healthier. It's a very like, it's so amorphous. The 1st thing is, I need to know what I'm supposed to do. Like, your literal top 3 that you're like, if everything else gets dropped and all these 3 are perfect, really good, and if everyone in the room says yes, oh, great. So then every decision you make, if it's not feeding into this, you can say no or say, in order for this to be true, I need X, Y, Z. like with the McKenzie thing is like, um, I can just run this training and it'll save me 3 hours. So I'm gonna do that. Yeah. Um, No, no, we need her to do it. Okay, well, I don't have the bandlidth. So you guys have to figure something out. They would or they just let you do the training because then they'd ask Tony, what happened? Yeah. Well, Tyler said he couldn't do it. Yep, because I'm working on my 3 things. But if you can point back every time to one to 3 north stars, it becomes so easy to say no and have a defense when you're in that room and the guns are pointed at you. Yeah. And even... I was trying to explain this to Maddie. Like, even when the guns are pointed at me, I, it's kind of just like, pull a trigger. Not even like I'm depressed or sad about it. I was like, actually, if I need to take the blame, I'm happy to. I just want somebody to. Like, I just want there to be some sort of ownership at any point of this process. That I think is a gap. Yeah. Because It's uncomfortable for you for someone not to take accountability, but the problem with you always taking it is it's allowing the business to hit those paper cuts and not just letting things break. And media kind of does the same thing. And I've told her that. I'm like, you can't always be like, it's on me. I'm like, sometimes it's not on you, but if it's always on you, then who it's actually on doesn't get fixed. Yeah. And I, that is something I, it goes back to what we said before, like there needs to be definition because, like, even with this thing in Global Tat, right now, I couldn't actually just say this is on Tony and Kensi, because that line is so vague. It is this gray spot where Skyler actually said this is on me. I'm like, fucking Skyler. Like, that's not true. Like you're... And that's the thing, though, is having a well-defined line. And that could just be the conversation of, hey, um, I... I'm noticing this has taken a lot of time. It's time I don't have what we're doing. Um, So the one option is every time this is enrolled, I just train or we figure out something new. Yeah. McKenzie, you just learn how to teach yourself. So like let me... Do you have to go? Like, do you have anywhere to go? No, I literally just saw some money. I was just wiping it. Okay, perfect. I just... This is an example of I was gonna have a meeting because everyone on the PRM team was just asking about all this and that and that. And so I was going to have a meeting and then I decided today, I'm like, no, I don't need to have a meeting. I am just going to tell them what's going on. Um, so I said, this is what I, this is what I need from you guys. I need a list of potential partners and partners we lost contact with. I'll start to loop you guys in, prospecting efforts to make things easier for you. What you can do for me is remove all barriers so I can schedule as many partners as possible. For right now, they're all being routed through James as a round robin, so don't ask me for partners. I will tell you James told me to do this. None of what I'm setting is anybody's except James's. So do not ask me about it. Pete, what I need from you is a list of at least 25 people, partners we've lost contact with. Tanner, I need you to send me Crispy's list, and then when you reach out to, Matt, I'll just support you however I need. Yeah. And all of them were like, thanks. And like, makes my job so much easier now, right out of the gate. But I was like, for a day spinning on, oh, I gotta communicate this. I got to make sure they know I'm trying my best. And it's like, no, I'm doing them a service, so let's put it down there. And it sounds like you're already doing that. It's just going to be a big unraveling process of what you're owning and not owning. I think the bigger thing, though, is like outside of work, like how do you just not spin on work, right? Yeah. and it's it's like feels so un, like, Sometimes I'll just catch myself like last night waking up and being like, why am I thinking about Jason's project? Like, isn't a fine spot? And it's almost always subconscious, but then it's like subconscious because there's something else I'm supposed to be doing. I don't know what it is because it's not fine, but yeah, and then it even is like, telling myself, I can wake up at 6 o'clock and go on a run or like go to the freaking sauna because it will help me with these things. Instead, it is like the measuring tape is, is this gonna move a project along, which is crazy. Yeah. So I... A few things. One, 80th told me this in September, is she's like, you're facing burnout because you nonstop think about work. So even when you work 50 hours a week, it feels like you're working 100 and that's not sustainable and so there's a lot of different tips you probably know about. The way I like kind of started tricking myself of like going to the gym is like literally how it started is I'm like, you have 40 years more of being like a healthy adult. It doesn't have to be anything. It just has to be something. And then the 2nd thing I did is you are going to be better at your job if this is true and you're going to be able to get more done. And it was. And I would spin out on like the perfectionism thing. So I actually have a list of the priorities for my morning and my night. of what comes 1st no matter what in that order and that really helps. So, for example, you willing to share that with me? Yeah, I'd love to see how you go. So in the morning, my one seed is sleep. There's no and I used to spin out on it. I'm like, I'm just gonna get 4 hours and doesn't, if I don't get 7 hours. I'm not going to the gym. That's on night, Jameis, to go to the bed sooner. Um, The 2nd thing is, um, work out. Like, I have to do 30 minutes of something. When Emma's been gone, I've been going on a 30 minute run because then I could walk the dog. I haven't been able to go to the gym. It kind of sucks. The 3rd thing is um... And then the 4th thing is um, unwinding. So like, Woody's big on like, you should you should be listening to all the sales bullshit and on like no matter all the time. Yeah, that's true. And when I watch 10 minutes of YouTube golf before I leave for work or when I listen to the DP show for 20 minutes. As soon as I get to work, I'm like, let's go. Like, I just feel ready to do it, and I think this is important because it separates thinking about a problem and solving a problem. Because for our ADHD brains, it feels the exact same way. Like we get the same dopamine kick of like solving the problem, but you're just in your car. Yeah. It's nothing's happening. And so at night, it's very similar. The 1st one is sleep, and then the 2nd one is Emma. And then the 3rd one is unwind, and then the 4th one is work. So I will do work at night, especially with this partner thing and everything that I've taken on if I know I'm going to get 7 hours of sleep, if I know that I'm going to spend any amount of time with Emma, if I know I'm going to be able to watch YouTube golf or a basketball game or scroll like any kind of unwinding read, then I will do work. Now, I could do work first, but these all things have to be true. Only because I know that my day will suck if I just work and then go back to work. And then because it sucks, I'm going to do more work because I had a crappy day, so I have to catch up and it's just a bad cycle. This looks like absolutely different for everyone, but this week, for example, I'm now coming into work at 630 or 7 so I could do partnership sets. So on Monday, I woke up at 5, I ran for 30 minutes, which... This is so stupid. Did you start the night before? I know that sounds unlike, but the night before, what did you do? Yeah, so like at what time the night before? As soon as I come from work or? Like Sunday night. to come in Monday. So... Emma left at four. Emma left at 4 o'clock. Carter and all that crap happened. But I'm just going to do a usual Sunday. I will usually go chip and hit range at like between 3 and five. To me, that's unwind. It feels very, very good. Um, I'm going to plan on eating dinner between 5 and 6 and then um, I will spend one hour kind of vegging for the Sunday Scaries. Um, And then I take an hour every single Sunday. I didn't even realize I do this and I plan my week, like a weekly planning session where I'm like, here's the list I'm going to target. Here is my North Star, that if I do this and I miss everything else, everything else is okay, this is what I'm going to be after, and this is what I'm going to do to get there. Um, And then I usually try to go to sleep before 1030, but if I am having trouble and spinning, I will try to go to sleep before 930 because I know it's going to take like 30 minutes to go to bed to sleep. So then in the morning, it's 5 AM. I went on a run, a watched YouTube golf with Chandler while my breakfast cooked for 30 minutes. That was amazing. And then I went to work, but then Tuesday. I accidentally slept until 610 and I went, shit. No, I went to bed too late and I was like, okay, well now my alarm's at 6.10. I only get a 20 minute run with Chandler. I'm eating breakfast at work, but I need 7 hours of sleep because I suck with anything less. It's just how I'm wired. Emma's not wired that way. It's great. And I went to the sauna after work because I had plenty of time. And then I built a couple lists for me to call on the next day. But it just, When these things feel like work, like one of the tasks you can add to your list, it's really easy to just check them off or not check them off unless something slip and not let something slip. But when they feel separate from your North Star, that's just what they're going to be. Yeah. That's it. Um, do you mind if I draw? Yeah, go ahead. That's that's incredibly helpful and it's something that I that what you just showed me is what I was trying to ask for is like, it's not even that I feel like I'm not prioritizing that or prioritizing my health, like any of those things. I actually really liked when you messaged me, like, when I say I'm not taking care of myself. I mean that. Like, I know I'm not making good priorities, but actually, I feel like I'm doing pretty good. You just broke down when you're so that's the funny thing is though, like you, you have a quick defense mechanism to feel good or to like breakthrough that negativity, but there is something piling there. And so like what you need to find is you need to find the, um, You need to find the compass to whatever that is that's building up. That's what she said too. Am I a therapist? Those exact words? Yeah. That's crazy shit because you have no signal until you explode. Here's a little bit of added context to that. The way that my ADHD brain works right now is, and the thing that I'm trying to get, like, to what you showed is that in the gaps of whether it's like when I wake up in the morning between, like if I have time to get ready, if I have time to do those things, or like I'm driving to work or that Sunday, like the gap, when there isn't that planned structure, Like the silence in your brain, scares the shit out of me. And so much, this unknowingly is me feeding, like just putting that on mute. It's basically I hear those in the back of my head, but it's turning on the audiobook or watching a video and like not intentionally, but like in therapy, that was that was why it was a breakdown. It was, you need a release. You need a like moment to say you're now that you're finally thinking about it, you are stressed. And it wasn't even like I'm trying to run from it intentionally or hiding. It's, it is, like, in that one breath of, like, And the science like, holy shit, there's so much going on in my head. Like, let's listen to a book. lets do this, let's do this. Or like, and work is has been like, one, because there's so much going on, but it is also a really easy way to be like, I'm going towards something. Even if it's just, it's actually, Brian said, just barely, he said, Tyler, the only feedback I'd give you, he said, effort is not your problem and it never has been and probably never will be. He said, but it's just like with a car, your wheels are spinning too fast and you're not going anywhere. This is something I've told Emma a lot, is that I, yeah, I, I, for you, it's just, you probably get a very positive feedback loop from accomplicing things or like whatever it is. Like, I'm hitting my North Star, like the dopamine kick or whatever it is. For Emma, she's like always running from things, but you guys like both have this, um, Like you have to have where you're so busy, you have to be so intentional on what actually is unwinding or you will just spin or listen to an audiobook while working or there's a temptation for both of us to be like, I'll just work, put an audiobook and that's resting. And it's like, no, it's not. It's not. It's pretending it's having something fun that you're not actually paying attention to. Actually, going to sleep at night, I will listen to, and it's also sci-fi. You know that. It's never, it's never work. But, um, like going to sleep at night, I always will listen to my book to fall asleep and like set a timer because it helps me have, you know, like when you meditate, you try and find different ways. It's I have to think about what is being said or else I actually think. Which sounds dumb, but it's like, I also realize that I need one of my priorities should be 30 minutes of thinking, like just, like, how am I actually feeling and being more, it's just being aware of what I'm feeling? Because I never give myself the chance to actually say I am stressed or like I am going through it. So when I say I'm doing good, it's, it's not even alive. Like, this is what I feel like I have to be. It's, I haven't taken a 2nd to think, so I think I am. Um, then I think that, so this is what my therapist said on Monday. Um, what's funny is he's like, I'm just gonna start this because anytime there's psychological research that is actually meaningful and replicable, he goes, one, that's the rarest thing in the world. And so I always share it. And he said that There's been a sharp drop off in cognitive ability in school starting in 2010. They weren't sure why, and they found out in every, it's measurable by district when a laptop is introduced. He's like, there's a lot of different curiosities about it. And he goes, and he holds up a pen. He's like, there's something very powerful for some reason about this. Um, So something I've been doing actually the past few weeks. I'll even okay. So every single night, I physically write the 5 things that stress me out the most and it just turns the water on, but then it allows my brain to point at something the next day. So I don't feel like I'm gonna be surprised. And then I also do a couple things I'm happy about just so it's not as negative. But like what happened today was I had a really, really bad spin out. And so 1st thing I did is I went on a walk and I texted Adia. I spinning right now. I went on a walk. This is why. And then I wrote down the 3 stressors are I booked a meeting that I didn't feel like was going to hold because James said he was interested in the product, but in reality, he just wanted a partnership. And so I was like, how did I mess up? Second thing was I've been trying so hard to be like better at my job and build up these skill sets and here for my CEO. Like SDRs are going to all be fired at some and there's no one's ever going to be working again and you're a commodity that I can't afford. I was like, that just doesn't make me feel good. And it's not why I joined Mask Elephant. And the 3rd thing was Carter tried to get a partner set when Ben Kennard is actually against me getting partner set. So how much more is he going to be angry about me doing it if Carter's like, wow, look how awesome Jameis is. if I do that, then people are so there was just like things. And then I wrote it out and then I was just like, hey, Kennard, thanks for standing up for us for the whole AI thing, then we had a great 20 minute conversation. I pulled Carter aside and I said, hey, I'm sorry I didn't get excited. That is really cool. This is the context of that. So if they come across it, go for it. don't try to push it because of this. And this one just solved itself. But like I would still be sitting in that, I should probably just go home and hang out with Chandler. Like some kind of escape if I didn't do that. That's really interesting. I told my therapist too. Something that I find really frustrating about myself sometimes is like, you know, when you just know what's going to help. And then you're like, why didn't I do that? And kind of that like self-defeating cycle of like, I can tell you, Jameis, all of the things that will make me feel better and then not doing it. And I was like, why were you so stupid and didn't do it? But I told my therapist, I was like, look, I actually know that if I were to spend 30 minutes every night writing in a journal, it helps me so much. I was like, because I have to slow my thoughts enough that my writing is the speed at which I can think. It's like that's it. It's like, but instead, it's the close things. Like, I've just been doing voice memos and it actually ends up with me being just like, because everything's like, and then it is cathartic. It helps in a bit, but, um, and actually, it's funny because I'm hypocritical, but I'll tell this to Matty too is like, yeah, if doing that and also setting aside time at the end of the day to be like, I'm worried about this stuff. At 5 o'clock today, I'm gonna sit down for 10 minutes and reread those things and say, are they relevant? Like, is it something I can control? Is it somebody else that's impacting me and what can I actually do? And like, if I can do something about it, does it still matter 3 hours later? Um, anyway. There's 2 things. One, the reason I think I'm so mad at the Tony fan, a lot of these different things is I'm a firm believer in turning off the sink before you start cleaning up the flooding water. I could not agree with you more. And it's on the product side. I don't know I'm interrupting, but dude, I totally agree. And I think the hard part about like being beating yourself up about that stuff is you're like, yeah, I just need to. I just need to, Yeah, I just need to get all this water cleaned up. But in reality, it's there is something that is making it very difficult to take care of yourself. Yeah. And that's what's not you logically know if I journal and I run and I talk to Maddie and I watch YouTube, I'm going to be happier and a better worker. That's true. And there is something whether it's um, whether it's something you're avoiding, whether it's the dopamine kick from work, whether you feel like you don't belong here, but you really want to. Like there's something feeding that that has nothing to do with you wanting or structuring or balancing. But you keep organizing it because maybe it'll one day just happen, but that's not the problem. Yeah, it's my default of... Like, it is hypocritical of me to be like, yeah, the faucet thing. I don't catch myself doing it. I think that every time I'm like, I'm going to make a structure, organize this or make a plan, is me thinking I'm cleaning, but it's actually like increasing the sink. And I told Brian this and Brian's like, hey, what you were doing was working. Why are you trying to move this process somewhere else? I was like, I don't know. I don't know. And yeah, a lot of it is not taking the time. Here's a good example. Last Thursday, Skyler came to me and he's like, hey man, this top level nav thing, it's not working, the button's broken. And I was, my brain was going a 1000000 miles an hour. And so at the time I was like, okay, here's what we do. Like, I can't actually do this. Like, yeah. And I was like, I'll figure it out. Um, and basically was like, this is gonna take too long to do it. Tuesday comes along, which is today, right? Or is yesterday and then we're in a meeting with Jason. And so it's like, I have 30 minutes and this is all we're talking about. And he's like, hey, that top level napping. I think that's related. And I looked into it, and it took me 47 seconds to find the problem and fix it, and it wasn't code. It was just like a, oh, I forgot to press this button. And his father started laughing and I was like, dude, honestly, I was so revved up at the time that my brain couldn't fathom that this was a small thing. Like, not even that it's an emergency, it's just deprioritized, not worth it, where if I could have taken a breath and been like, Let me think. A really hard, hard about this, though, is And I tell them about this a lot. It takes intentional work to break a spin spinning cycle. Like, when you're spinning on something, be like, I'm not, I'm going to think about this instead. I'm going to think about, which is probably why golf feels so good is because it is 2 hours where you can't think about work. It is the best feeling in the world. We play 18. The world doesn't exist for 4 hours. It's amazing And it's so intentional. It is like step by step. Like, and that's the... I was mentioning this to my therapist too. like, what does it feel like when you're having anxiety mic? It's my stomach. I feel on my stomach. And she's like, okay, take a 2nd and just like think, what do you feel? Like, actually, maybe that's not true. Like, my heart is literally pounding. at 120 beats a minute right now, and we've been sitting for 45 minutes. I was like, so no, I think I'm really, really good at convincing myself that I'm not spinning, that I'm not anxious. And it's, I look back and be like, oh, dude, you were, you were revved up at the time. What's your defense mechanism to stress? Because let me tell you this. Stress and tough situations, mine is humor. One thing I didn't realize was it's also intellectualizing. So I will be like, yeah, let's analyze, let's dig in, and that's why you're right, like even agreeing with myself or Emma or whoever it is, that's still a way that I'm avoiding feeling and processing what's going on. I'm just like, it's almost like it's a problem on a piece of paper that I get to just dissect. And then I'm like, good talk, but nothing happened. Yeah. I think there's 2 ways. One, if it's if it's tangible, it's like work to be done, it is just It is either like, it's just doing it. It is just trying to tackle it and sometimes it's not actually doing the analysis first. It is just doing the thing. without instruction, without discovery, without any of the things I know I need to do. The other is true avoidance through hyperfixation. Like leather soccer balls started the week of finals. There was this game that I came across on the web. It's called Super Auto Pets. I don't actually love video games, Janis. They're fun. But dude, finals week. In the same, I just get distracted. It wasn't even, it was, I'm on Reddit threads, reading through best, it is like being so hyperfixated on like, what's the best strategy? Who are the things to use? I spent 40 hours finals week playing this game. And then what snapped me out of it was that ADHD mindset of I have 3 hours before the final I have to cram. And so I find myself doing that with work on like, if I can't do other tasks, it's, well, I can prove that my time was well spent because I perfected this thing. So sometimes it'll be like, I know communication has to be spent or emails have to be sent, but if I can convince myself I'm doing this instead. I think my therapist had ADHD should be called identity displacement disorder. He's like, ADHD is like calling depression, super lazy, dumb disorder. Like, that's he's like, great, yeah, that you can see. That's awesome. Like, I don't think I'm distractible. No, but I think... There's, I think a lot of that stuff is gonna get easier as you just take care of things, and I think there's 2 ways to do it that works for me. I don't know if it's gonna work for you the same way. For me is, If I've never done it before, a minute goal, and what I mean by that is like, you even said, oh, yeah, I journal for 30 minutes, that'd be amazing. If I said, I'm going to do 3 things and I'm going to not miss for one month and I'm not going to do more. Even if I'm feeling like I should, I'm not going to do more. Even if I'm, I have to do. And then the other way is I'm going to never not run these 5 days and I'm just the identity I had to take on is I'm the person who doesn't miss. I am the person who doesn't miss a run because it helps. Instead of saying, I should probably run because it's literally using that to your advantage. And that's how I started with the gym because I was £15 heavier than I am now. I was so embarrassed to be in there and I'm like, you know what? You know how this started for you. Just become the person that doesn't miss in the morning. He goes 3 days a week, every week, and there's no there's no change. That's interesting because it's something I like about the, uh, says this. It's better to say like, I'm not a smoker than I'm trying to quit smoking because then you're saying... I think it's the atomic habits guy. Yeah. It's kind of like when we go in golf, because I know that I am very inexperienced. I have the mindset of a great golf. Like when those guys were passing by, I don't want to wait for them. like, no, I hit the shot every time. It's the thought of, I'm a golfer. Yeah. Where I think something that I am I'm missing is a sense of identity around some of those things. It's not like if you're to ask, are you a healthy person, Tyler, it wouldn't be, am I? what do I do? So, like, even just being like, I'm a runner. So it's not just a sense of identity around those, Tyler. I think it's all together because you were like, I'm going to go into computer science and I'll end up being a programmer. Maybe. I don't know. And then you fell ass backwards into this job that you love and you know you're good at, but you don't feel that you're good at it, which is a disaster altogether. And the one thing Daniel told me, because this is one of the 1st things we went over when we started is he's like, what's at the end? Oh, well, you know, and he's like, no, no, like at the end of this, you're fired. What is Jameis? You never lose any weight. What is JMS? And he said, a good exercise for you would be if you had, he said 40 years from now, or he said 10 years from now. Ask elephant cells, you have 1000000s of dollars. 1000000s of dollars. Like everything is absolutely perfect. What are you still doing today that you will still do in 10 years with all the money in the world? Because you just love it so much. He said, that's you. I think something that bites me in the butt around that is that I don't know if I've told you this before. I actually don't care too much. Even when I was finishing my computer science degree. I don't actually care what my career, like what my title is. It is a lot more of what I do, and I keep on telling myself it is like continuous learning and growth. And part of that ends up biting me in the butt because it's, if I'm asked to do something, it's not, is this part of my role, it's how do I want how to do that? How do I figure it out? So like, pawning that off sometimes is like, you're not good enough to do that. It's like not some of your identity. But it's what you said too. I don't actually know. You can't learn how. Like when you con something off, you are your brain tells you it's because you can't handle it. And you're someone who can handle it. The only reason you're here, Tyler, is because you can handle it. You can learn how to do it. And if you admit you don't, does that mean they're not gonna... And I think it's hard too, because, like, I actually, I truly do believe that I'm pretty good at product for being 5 months in and, like, with all of the excuses that I can make, I was like, actually, you know, as much imposter system as I might have of Sam coming in, I'm pretty confident in being like, no, I'm really good at Maybe that, maybe that's part of is like, maybe it's not that I'm good at product, but like, I can figure it out. And so it's what you're saying is like, I can figure it out. when you have to admit you can't figure this out, even though it's not what you're admitting, but that's how your chest takes it. And so it also becomes if then let's not do the money. Let's, if you get fired tomorrow, what are you going to be doing every day that you would still want to be doing, even if you, let's say you got fired tomorrow. And then the next day you got hired for a 30 hour week position. There's no way to go up. There's no way to go down, but it's $150,000 a year. There's no growth opportunity at all. You have a set job that's 30 to 40 hours. Scares a shit out of me. Yeah, so what what would you do on a daily basis that you would still enjoy? Yeah, I don't know. That's the scary feel. That's the compass. I don't know. That I found it. Because the scary thing for me was you have all the money. Now what? I'm like, what do you mean now what? Like, I have to like figure like, he's like, yeah, there's nothing to figure out. And that's the scenario where there's nothing to figure out. Now, I don't think you're ever going to be in that scenario, but it does raise the question like, I no, I think even like, even Saturdays are, it's like, if I'm not working, what am I doing? And it's not even like I don't have things that I enjoy to do. It's always the what you should be doing and it is the why. Like, it's... It's a good... Having a North Star Y is amazing. So there's like 2 things you can do is if it's not healthy, you have to pivot it or you have to cast a wider net to grab other things that make you healthy and better at your job and mentally not this way. Like, Something I want to do is be a reader. And so I said all these goals and I'm like, I'm going to do these and I'm not going to miss. And then I did say, though, anything I miss more than 20 days, it is not going to be a priority for this season of my life. For me, that was reading. I can't read a book with the time I have allotted right now and I'm okay with that. Otherwise, I used to spin out and give up on all my goals. I'm like, but I've been great at the sauna. I've been great at working out. I listen to an audiobook. I agree with what you said, especially where you have your priorities. I think that's what I've been telling myself about everything. is everything's number one. No, no, no. I mean, like, I haven't been running because it's not the season of my life for that right now. I haven't been like playing video games or I haven't been like getting lunch with Jameis at work. I haven't been, like, it's not that seasonal life. Not intentionally. That can be okay, but right now you're learning it's not because it's not aligning with your values. Yeah. And that's why you feel such anger. I mean, I felt the same way and Kennard called out like, dude, like, you have the shares you have, like stop taking the emotional energy of more. Just because you keep taking that emotional energy doesn't mean the shares are just going to show up. You know, that's actually a good point too. It might be unrelated, but it is part of the anger at your... No, no, it's just like, if every day I'm in a room with Woody and Rob and Brian and Sam and I'm like, and I'm trying to own so much. Like, is it because I'm trying to earn a seat at the at the table that I'm sitting at? Or like, am I trying to say I want the same equity that you have? Which is crazy for a given way. I don't think that's what you want. Because I don't even think that's what 80 wants. 80 does the same thing, but like, I think when you're in there, you're like, oh, I'm here. Like 80 will still try to be earning her seat while she's sitting there. No, and I, yeah. But I think there is just like, I don't think there's a disc. I think there's a level of disconnect of how much emotional energy you're putting in versus what you're getting back. Even if you don't care about the money. It's like James said. He's like, I was good with money, but I, the emotional energy and the hours of work I'm putting in match my shares and the money I'm making. And so it's easier. Yeah, and right now, like, I, maybe this is another thing of like, I think I tell myself, I try to do 100% on anything that I do. I try to do like, give my best effort at anything that I do. And so to be like, I've never once had a day at Asc elephant, where I've looked to see if it's 5 o'clock yet, if I can go home. Well, and part of it is like, I've also never once had a day where I'm like, this is, this is not me. I was just chilling. And I think that there is a sense of like, there are some things I just need to say is not on me. And again, it goes back to like, there's not a line in the sand that I can point to. Well, and the feedback I gave AVA that made her like almost grow up in front of me, which was hilarious in November, but it's very similar is like, Tyler, who's managing 10 PRMs in 6 months, that Tyler is so good at saying no, having all of his limestrawn and executing on the most important thing every time. And if he doesn't know the most important thing, he finds out. Yeah. And that's what I told Adia. 80 of the sales director, the head of sales development who has 3 SDR managers and 45 SDRs under her, she's not spending 40 hours this last weekend building decks for Rob. She was like, I'm like, yeah, you're at the table. Stop trying to kiss his ass. And that's not you. No, no, no. But like, I agree with that. And part of it is that's actually a big maybe not insecurity, but something I know I'm poor at is just prioritization in general, which is part of the conversation, but I don't know what the most important thing to be doing is right now. But again, it goes back to not nobody's telling me. It's, I don't actually have a North Star personally or at work to say these are the 3 most important things. If you're not communicating to the revenue team about what's happening for product. If that's the thing, fantastic. It's like, if that has all been done, you can go to number two. You can go to number three, because there's not that, it is whatever's next on the list, whatever slot comes through right now from whoever, whoever comes to my desk, that's what's important. I would, this is interesting, Tyler, because I don't even think you know the answer. I would really find if I did not work for 5 straight work days. What would not get done? That is, yeah. Like, you don't touch Slack. You don't communicate nothing. What would happen? And I would be very meticulous, write everything out. And then I would Honestly go to Sam because in the in the book Extreme Ownership, it says it is on the person and the leader for there to be clear communication on what the objective is, otherwise it's on the leader. And I just think that that would give you so much clarity of, okay, well then these for the north. And if I have time, I'll get to these and if not, they're going to be dropped. I I could I have a really clear picture in my head of what that would look like. And I think the thing that's hard for me is that it comes from the part of myself that's like, I want to be empathetic and human centered and I care a lot about the relationships that I have. And so I know what I wouldn't do for 5 days would be extra work for Skyler and Brian and Sam that they don't have bandwidth for. Like that's actually what I think of and what would happen from there. The important things would be prioritized and taken care of and the non-important stuff. Skylar would then advocate or I need another designer. Sam would say, hey, if we need to hit this, Brian would say, it turns out we need another developer in order to get even though you didn't do it, it's not your fault and things start to get fixed because you're not the guy who comes forward with flex seal and it goes done over and over and over again. I really like flexel. So not only is your job better, everyone else gets to adequately advocate for what makes the company better or pick it up themselves because they're the department head and they have a lot more shares than us. That's something that Maddie asks me. Well, she says, you're allowed to take a day. And what would they do if you were gone? And I guess I've never actually thought through it. But yeah, like the important things would get done and what's not would be deprioritized, put on a backlog, put on the backburn, whatever it is. And you know what they figured out? That's why the whole Kensi thing is just like, it's bothersome to me because you've been told it needs to be done, but do you think anyone would disrespect if you said, okay, what would save me 3 hours today? if I just did the training? Um, Well, that doesn't matter. I've tried and Tony's very, very. very, very upset. I think part of it is that. Well, it doesn't matter. But again, it's just be like, okay, I don't know what to tell you. Like, almost playing like this. I'm not even trying to be a dick here. Brian's told me to do this and like just laying it all out there and be like, I'm going to try, but I just don't I don't think I can. I don't know what to do. I'm sorry. Yeah. Dude, this is really helpful. I want to spend a lot of time today just and the Florence Pew quote goes for us too. Yeah, yeah. Yeah. What do you, how it's, I love to tell myself, I'm not a people pleaser, but come on. Yeah. Like what he's like, you need to fight with Brian and Skyler more. And I think I just need to like reframe that. I know what he's saying because he's confrontational and he's combative. And it's more just like, it's okay to ask more questions and ask why. Like, would James think with Havoma? It's not just saying no, it's like, why? Why is that important right now? Help convince me that that is the number one priority. That is what Sam is excellent at. And I told him very well, I was like, oh, it's not a skill that I have. I love to figure that out. But, And pre-communication is really good too, because I... Why? No, you're right. But, like, this Tony situation. Yeah, that's frustrating, but it's less frustrating for everybody on Monday. Hey guys, heads down on these 4 projects. It's gonna take me 70 hours just to get this done. If anything's out of this scope. You can ask. It's probably going to be a no. Then when he comes to you and it's like, well, you just really, oh, Jack, can you tell Kensi? like, I'm sorry, I sent a slack message. Maybe I can get to it on Monday. And then he's like, I speak Thursday. I don't know what to tell you. And then Rob doesn't come to you and go, why didn't you get this done with Mackenzie because he's losing because I know you're afraid about that too. Hey, Tony, you just told me you're not helping McKenzie. Is that something? Well, actually, Sam's like, hey, Rob just told me that we need to get Mackenzie. Like, and all of a sudden you're like, okay, I guess I will. But that 1st message solves that. Yeah. That was, how was the rape? That was my frustration, but I don't know if I told you this. He's like, this is the this is what product does. This is what marketing does. Here's the line in between. I need you guys to sign off before we leave this meeting. I was like, I'm not going to sign off on that. I was like, but we can sit here for 5 hours. I will not sign off on something that I didn't help, like come through. Like if you're trying to define where my role ends. And like, this is so unclear. Is Tony with you and Mackenzie? Yeah, yeah. Where he's like, where is he? It was in, it was in product of council. It was like with engineering, with design too. It was like, no. And then yesterday, something came up. It was um, it was actually global chat. And Tony's like, we agreed to a contract. I like, I know that you say that, but I didn't. I was like, and now I'm gonna go pick up the pieces. Because, like, you're saying that that happened is like, but actually, no, like, I'm actually willing to do the work because I disagree with that. And that was very different, but I, but I think that's one of those things that I just, you've got to let that break. Well, it broke, and that was my frustration is like, I want to go fix it. He's like, I can't do it. I was like, Kensi can. She doesn't know enough. And then that's when I need to just say it. Yeah, it needs a breakdown. to let it break. And you can flag that it's going to break. And you can just lay out the pieces just like you did to me, the Sam or Rob or whoever you need to go, look, I took the steps to say this wasn't going to work. It didn't work. Tony is trying to get everything picked up. The only one who can fix it is me, and I don't have bandwidth. So I'm telling you no, because this braking is actually better if I get these other things done than the opposite. Yeah. And then all of a sudden it's Tony, we can do this again and now it never happens again. But if you fix it, then it's, wow, Tony's going to get shit done. Yeah. That's he was hired because he's great at delegating. That what I was told. Which is fair. I'll see how it goes. He's, he bodies it down. I know this all turned out into me, but I hope it helps you too. Are you still spinning from this morning or? No, I feel a lot better. and I mean, I just feel LinkedIn posts about it, but I've read clear priorities. I'm going to close my 1st deal. I'm going to schedule 25 meetings and I'm going to figure out this partner thing. And so anything outside of that. I say a firm note to it. You know, I and I told Rob this and he said, throw me to AE, well, why sell me on it? And I said, this is why it's going to work. And I will not have the bandwidth to coach Mike Carter and Thomas. That will not be the case. And if that's okay to you, then I think this is okay. Yeah. And so Carter's doing a lot of that because someone else picked it up because I wasn't doing it. That happens a lot. So I'm feeling pretty good. It kind of sucks to have Emma gone all the time, but she texted me she's really going to miss this. This capstone. You're like, thanks, Emma. I was like, how come? She's like, I love the ER and what if I never work in the ER again? Your hiring manager just connected you to 6 different ER hiring managers and said, you've been great. I'm going to personally text them. She's like, yeah, but like it doesn't mean I'm going to get it. Like, that's what that means. That means you're gonna get it. Dude, I really love Emma. She, she's so funny. I send emails for her. She's like, that's so direct. I don't want it. I'm like, you want the job and you're good for it. That's what they want. Yeah. I said, Emma, if you had to pick your nurse, would you want someone who's in unconfident and undirect or you want someone to come in and say, I'm the best here. That's what they're looking for. And she is. she backs it up too. So funny. Okay, I should probably go respond to my bosses. Yeah, and then go tell everyone on my home boss. That's super helpful dude.
