So, what I was trying to do with the, the linear, um, project, the productivity thing, is that I'm having a really hard time at work with, Distinguishing what, what, what I can do, what I can improve, and what I'm supposed to just accept and live in the ambiguity. And I think that there's a really big piece that I can just add context and clarity to personally. Um, so a little bit of background about my, my role about what, what's happening right now is that I have a background in computer science. I graduated from UYU with my degree in computer science this week. I mean, this last year. And also a background in sales. Um, both with, uh, getting an insurance license, doing personal insurance sales, doing door-to-door sales. So I've I've worked both on the revenue side, being a quota carrier, as well as worked as an engineer, understanding like work to be done. Writing code, um, and I also, when I joined ask Elephant, did both implementation, customer success work, solutions engineering, worked on, um, individual integrations like Ring Central. So I have a really good perspective around the entirety of the IC work to be done. Um, In about 5 months ago, maybe a little bit more, I requested to move to the product team. So I was moved to the product team as a junior PM, but before I actually was able to join the team, our head of product left. So product became, um, me as the only dedicated product individual, but then it was being run by both Woody, the CEO, um, Skyler and Brian. And it was more like a collective effort for ahead of product. So, what this meant is that I I could offer, um, opinions and help with documentation actual tasks, but as far as like defining a roadmap, defining work to be done, that, um, was never something that I was able to actually get across the line. Well, 2 weeks ago is when Sam started. Sam, Sam Ho is my new boss. He's our vice president and GM of product, and he comes incredibly experienced. And now that he's here, Brian and Skyler have really taken a backseat on these product conversations. And, um, he's been focused on the, uh, the board deck. So I feel like I've just been carrying this weight and um, expectation maybe that I'm supposed to be defining the roadmap, uh, like taking all of the product feedback, prioritizing what we do now. Just like making a strategy, having like a product strategy of what we're doing, why we're doing it, where we're going, defining expectations for projects, products, um, all of this. And I think I just hit a breaking point this week of, of feeling like I'm trying to take on so much. and trying to be accountable for it all and really help everywhere that I can, even though I know that I'm so limited. And that I'm new to this. And so I have created, like, this really complex PM workspace in Elmer and made all these tools for myself and done so much investigation and reading it, like listened to calls and worked with customers to try to make myself feel able to do as much as possible. And then, my frustration comes when individuals come to me like, Erica and Matt, and they, they, they, they can't, they, they express that they're so frustrated having to just say, no to a customer or, or realize the state of the product and that it's not, it's like it's not approving that there's no work being done. Um, Anyway, so that's like the personnel thing that I've been struggling with is when individuals make comments like, Tyler, I feel like I can't even, like I hate this thing that this product's in. I'm embarrassed to get on a call. And I agree with that. Like, yeah, it is, it's, it's not in a good state right now. It's complicated, it's confusing, but I think that there's so much value that the application has today. And We just are so focused on what's next, what's coming, and nobody seems to be wanting to take any accountability for the state that things are in right now. Um, and by no, I don't mean nobody, and I also don't claim to be some clairvoyant or saint or like that I'm actually trying to do all this stuff and it's, it's, it's me saying, I'm so unexperienced. I want to make these improvements. But Anyway. So, this week, the question has come about, like, what is our roadmap? Um, what project is everybody working on? And so, I'm trying to even, like, fathom how I have my answers on these questions. So there's one is like the current customer side. What are our customers actually doing with the platform? Where are they at? What are the metrics that we need to track? The next piece is, so it's like, how are people using the site and we don't know? Um, how do we use post hoc? So that's that's one piece of it. The other is. What work has been done by engineering, like the question that I'm getting from product marketing. What work has been done by engineering? Where, where is that going? And my part of my frustration is like, there's such a lack of documentation for what exists today for the site. Um, And I just like being asked what we've done and it feels insulting almost. Um, Then with Current, so that's like the current customers, the current state of things. Then working with, um, Brian, who's our head of engineering, the question is, like for me, it's, what is every engineer working on? Is there some project attached to it? Is there clear definition for the work that needs to be done, the business use case, the rollout criteria, beta flags, beta features, all of this stuff. And for those projects, is it clearly defined? Do they have a revenue partner? Are there customers talking with them? Is their product? Is there design input that needs to be had? Um, and whether or not that's clear. how that's being tracked. And then not only is there definition today, but what is the next piece that they're working on? Um, and so it, It feels like it would be really simple if it was just, here's 2 or 3 projects and the engineers are working on it together. But now it's become, we have, Let's let's go through it in my head. Like Dylan, Caden, Palmer, Eduardo, Jason, Knoxson, Ivan, and Brian. all working on what seems like completely separate projects that all need definition, then it's all, what is the next step? So it's building in parallel, a very uncohesive experience. Um, And that's so frustrating not only for the developers when they might finish stuff and like how do we actually get them that next piece? But then also, Um, for the revenue team when experiences come out and they don't feel fully fleshed out. They don't feel like they have the design case and it is, it is just poor. Then for design, it is like, what is the business use case? Um, From from Adam, I feel like about the pushback I get is like, well, why did we make this decision? Even if we spent weeks talking with shareholders and stakeholders and defining really well what we actually want done, and then the pushback is just, well, I don't know if I like this, and then going off on their own. Um, So, Right now, the way that my workflow that exists is that, A meeting is recorded in Ask Elephant, right? Which maybe discussions about, um, roadmap, about projects, about work to be done. And I have a whole, um, a whole figma design file, which is basically laying out how anything can get started. So there's pylon where people give, um, tickets and, like, product tickets, product feedback, uh, that might feed into linear, and then there's notion where people might be adding feedback, and then there's, um, Slack, and in Slack, there's like 34 different channels where information can be, where people can be asking questions about product, about projects, about all of this stuff, and it's so decentralized. Um, and then an ask elephant where people are, where our AEs and SDRs are having meetings and, um, conversations around what the platform does. And then there's our internal meetings, the product meetings that happens, there's stand-up. Um, so from linear and hub and slack and ask elephant, there's just so many places where we can start. So for me right now, the easiest way, or at least the only way that I have is all of these automations inside my PM workspace that are pulling those conversations in and trying to make some sort of idea, some hypothesis of, it's the feedback that we're getting, this is what we're trying to work on next, and the making plan. And then I will take that and work inside of cursor and get how like in code to actually create, um, research documents and PRD documents, um, and all of these things. But then because it is just my workspace, it isn't actually being disseminated to Um, to any any of the stakeholders to Woody to Sam. And there's not like a, even if I try to push that inside of notion, it's just either way too much detail or it doesn't connect to where it needs to like a linear. So the thought is, Um, linear can be the place to have like projects defined to get customer feedback. And to have a roadmap as well. But right now, one of the problems that I'm facing is that I'm, I've used linear in the past, and it makes sense to me on like an initiative, a project, an issue-based level. But I don't actually know how to go about having documentation in there. I've tried using resources recently. Um, but does it actually make sense to combine both like, uh, roadmap and product feedback requests and all of these things inside of linear as either projects or issues? Um, does that muddy the triage and the reporting features that, uh, that Brian is using right now, all the work that you can put into it? Um, because what I'd like to have is just a single place, like that dev linear team where, like even for me, I can have, I need to make a prototype. need to update the roadmap. I need to add definition to these things as issues on projects for individual developers or and even a place where they can ask for information. And so in one place, I see both work that I need to do on the product side and the work that they're doing as well. I've tried doing 2 different teams, but it doesn't make sense. But then also inside that same linear workspace to have, um, like projects and initiatives and then product feedback that comes in. I'm not actually sure how that works. Does it make sense to have it in the same place where there's like clearly defined issues and individual work to be done when what I'm saying for, um, For linear is or for product feedback is this is ill-defined, like wishes that people have for product feedback sometimes. Does that have to be processed? Should it be in the same team? Should it be a separate team? Um, what about just if we're we're creating a roadmap? Does it make sense to say, for Q1, we have all of the projects upcoming and then adding documentation there. So I just have all of these these questions around like, oh, what actually makes sense because designers are doing things inside of figma. And the product works so much of it right now is like iterating on documentation and prototypes and all of this. Um, where, what I would love, like best case scenario in my mind would be, that we have a place inside of linear where like, If a linear for how my PM workspace is right now, maybe it's just that like a project is created and then as resources are added, then issues are made, like a prototype has to be created or a document or there's just like this automation process of, these are requirements before it's ready for a designer to work on it. For it's ready for an engineer to work on it. Uh, to say like, hey, we have clear business, um, expectations. It passes the Ivan test, I think is what I was calling it. Um, And as resources were added, it'll say, hey, there's a PRD, there's a design brief. And then if a label is added to it, then maybe like either an issue is created or that prototype is already generated off of off of Maine. Just a lot of this automation piece just, I feel like it has to have one place to live. Elmer is the tool that I've been making that I was hoping kind of adds to that, but it doesn't make sense to try to bifurcate where work is being done already. Um, so I I honestly just want better understanding for myself of what is best practice, because the hard part too is, as I was talking with Skyler earlier this week, is that I'm pushing not so much for process, but just for clarity, for visibility into what are we doing? When is this going to be done? How much longer is it going to take? What's blocking any given person? Like, if I had done this with the Composio workflows, for example, or with the settings page or any of these things, it would be much more clear to be able to state, hey, I need help. Like, I need help on the settings page. I need help getting it into prod. I need help with the post hoc feature flags. I need help, just in general, where I think I've been trying to take on so much because of AI, because of my cursor workspace that should be done by a developer. Um, I. Yeah, and I think that like being able to do that inside of of linear, even for stand-up of, hey, this is what I'm working on. This is where I'm stopped and then also being able to have a view where it's, oh, you know what? Caden started the project for this, but he got pulled onto something else. How do I actually express like what what is being done? Um, that, hey, this got stopped and now we can tell the revenue team. This is what the whole dunk is. Anyway, what I was getting at is that because things are moving so fast, because things are moving so fast, with AI and we're trying to iterate quickly and we're trying to do all of these things. Um, I, I, I, I want to have clarity. I want to have a process, but every time that I like approach that, the pushback is either it takes too long. It's too cumbersome. too cluttered. So I want to take the product stuff and just put it where developers are already working and say, okay, no, I understand. That's, that point isn't actually to say, we need more roadblocks. We need more clarity. We need to be able to say to make sure that like Ivan knows on any given project. what it actually means, what, what, the roadblocks could be that, like, prototypes can be shared in a single place and they have a dedicated, like, repo for them, all of these things, and I, um, I think linear could be a place for that. I don't know. So all of this is just like, because there's such a lack of clarity, trying to even schedule my day and time block, like, I would love to be able to sit down in the morning and say, this is the work that has to be done because of what's listed in linear, what's missing definition, what, like, who, like, maybe Knoxton has something that needs to be done. We have to get privacy out the door. And so we need a clear definition of what success looks like for this. Um, but because I feel like I'm being pulled so many different ways and trying to use cursor to automate six, 7 things at a time, that I'll literally have 2 cursor windows open on each monitor. So I'll have 6 at any given time, and then my mind is just not focused on any one thing. It's just going between different cursor windows, pressing approve, or having conversations. And just that context switching has been absolutely killing me this week where I, I felt so disjointed and disconnected and, um, just like I'm not actually doing anything. It's what I'm trying to say about our development team is that like, there's what, 9 people all doing their own project. So it feels like everything's moving so slow. Because it's 9 different massive projects where instead if we were to just say, hey, we have 3 projects with 3 developers each. That goes so much quicker. What I'm saying is that, yeah, maybe I can do 6 tasks at a time, but if I'm having to babysit all of them, It just is so mind, like, uh, it kills my mind. Anyway. Um, A lot of this is me trying to just express like some of the frustrations that I'm getting into, like even, even Thursday night, um, Sam telling me that we need screenshots for prototypes of these different things, and then other stuff that comes up Friday morning and all these meetings, and by the time I sit down at my desk at 2 o'clock on Friday, how do I actually prioritize what needs to be done? Part of this isn't even a process, a tool thing. This is like personal growth that I need to understand, like, where do I say no? Who can I actually say, hey, I need help. I need, I need you to come into this to give me a little bit of clarity because I just have, I've been having such a hard time with that. Feeling like there's such a high expectation on me. Some of this comes from the imposter syndrome too of, you know what? I've got, um, I've got this new boss, Sam, who's worked at Google and Intel on all these massive companies. He's managed 40 plus PMs at any given time. And now I have all of his focus, or at least he knows I'm the only PM he's working with. Am I qualified? Am I headed in the right direction? What, like, what do I need to do to improve? And also not sure of how familiar I can be with him, how much, um, I can ask and look to him as a mentor. So, All of that together has just led to me having this almost like paralysis of not even decision paralysis, it's that I'm doing so many things all at once, but it feels like maybe they're not actually the, the right thing to do. I'm trying anything and everything. And I'm wanting to fail fast and I actually, all that aside, I think I'm doing a pretty good job. I, I would rate my, my effort 14 out of 10. I'd read my delivery and execution. I don't know, 7.5 , 8. Pretty good. But, I, I think that there's, there's a couple things like productivity wise. Um, process wise, that can definitely be improved upon, which is a lot of the things I've talked about, but then the other is clarity into, What's expected of me? Not, not, not saying, hey, I want to know exactly what I want to do every day, but just, how much can I actually define of what's being done at any given time? Like, whether it's, um, Oh. Sorry. How much can I do at any given time? Like, can I actually be just saying, hey, this project is what I need the engineering team to work on next and going to Brian and saying, this is the next project. is what we're doing. How much of that is there? Um, So, I, I really want this to just be like my brain dump of this is the state that I'm in right now. This is where I'm living, like the work that's expected of me. Um, the support that I have and how do I utilize the tools that I have? Because even right now, I know that I'm supposed to be getting like the settings page out, fixing the post hoc thing. I needed to have delivery, like release definitions for the settings page, or excuse me, for the privacy agent, for all of these things. And the product marketing just is almost non-existent. There's no support from Tony whatsoever. Product marketing is its own thing. Kensi's doing everything that she can. But I, like that's one of those things. It's, what's next on the roadmap? How are we defining the customer journey map? All of these things that just have fallen. We've fallen behind on, and I don't know what developers need now. I don't, and I can't articulate it, and it's just this, like, this fear of, When is it, like, when is that jango block going to get pulled out of, this is the one missing piece and it's all going to crumble down? Because it feels that unsteady now. Like, everything is is working. Not necessarily working well, but it's working. Um, And yeah, it's it's intimidating. It's very intimidating. So coming off of this, I think there's there's a couple actionable things that I can do. One is have a good conversation with Sam. He's my new boss, and I just need to be very clear with him and say, hey, um, Sam, you are great. I'm very intimidated by, maybe not like intimidated by you, but I, I don't know how, how much of a mentor I can look to you for. Like, this is what I'm doing. And I'd love to know how much you're comfortable with me deciding. What are your actual expectations of me of the work to be done? Because I. Basically saying, like, I can do as much or as little as you want me to, but I'm willing to do almost all of it. So I just, I need to have that conversation with Sam of like, hey, what are your expectations? I mean, what can what can I do? This is what I've been carrying, is this what's expected of me? Is this actually what you want me to be doing? Is this what's most effective? Um, And then it's trying to work with linear to say, I'm not work with like linear, the company or anything, but, hey, I have, um, Like, how can I have work be defined inside of linear? And then from there, it's also talking with Brian, how much can I actually manage linear? I'm pretty sure he basically gave me the keys to the kingdom. Um, So I'm not too worried about that. And I'm just talking with Skyler and trying to get clarity. So anyway, that is my, my whole. Spiel.
