So part of the product process that I want to make sure is really clear, like there's, in the conbon boards that we have, like those individual names where work is being done and that is like an upset thing. But a couple, um, portions of that board are iterative loops that actually are like feedbacks in between themselves. So they're they are different stages, but that together have to work. So for example, I might do a PRD and then validate it. And, um, it actually has to go back to discovery and then a PRD. So what I'd like to have is some sort of UI UX component that in my mind is like, I still want those combine boards to be visible, but maybe like a toggle of where iteration actually takes place. And what I'm thinking is even having like an animated arrow, um, like dashed arrow with from the wave logo that we have, that Elmer, um, 3 line, and it it squiggles around the the combine views of where iteration is actually happening. Making it really clear that like you might have, um, you might get to design, but there's an arrow that either like circles, both of the views or draws like align back to where that work is being done. Um, and having an option to toggle on or off those dependencies. That would also make it much easier to have dependencies for work to be done, like, um, whether or not information was validated, how close we have to get to make, um, something right, how much, like what the validation criteria is from bots or from people in order to move into a next stage, but, um, making it clear on setup for columns, what columns are dependent on each other or where you want iteration loops to take place, and having a nice visualization on the conbond view of like that same glass morphic design style, but a dotted, animated wave that is just slowly moving across from like design back to the PRD and the PRD into the next stage. either that or I'd like to try another variation that is like a grouping almost like a sideways mermaid lane of where iteration is taking place where like you can define sub cycles in a mermaid lane view that intersect with the conbon board that show where iteration is happening. and like that they are self-contained. For example, if something gets put into an alpha stage, you're not actually going to go back and rebuild that from scratch from a PRD. You might make a subfeature, but like the alpha beta GA might actually be an iterative process, or maybe it is that alpha goes back to discovery, it has subfeatures and you have to show those dependencies.