So inside Elmer, I, I'm, I wanna make sure that I'm replicating the same behavior that I have inside my PM workspace commands like my user commands. For example, um, when I, when I put it inside each column, it should be basically similar to running like the slash PM slash design slash setup command, and there's some places where I feel like that's not actually happening. Um, so inside my knowledge base, I, I wanna actually, or maybe it's like a column section that looks exactly like the knowledge based in the personas. I'd like there to be a, um, a list of all of the commands that are run in every single, um, column, and then a basically AI summary of how those actually work, like what work is actually being done in each column, and then being able to edit those things. So, having like a little text box that says, um, like, this does XYZ, and then having a chat interface where you can say the changes that you would like to make, um, to that process, I'm gonna it goes in and edits those documents for you. Really similar to what my slash admin command does, where I can do like a slash admin and I can have it edit the prompts and it does like an analysis of the process that I have currently. Um, The other thing is that for some reason, when jobs are processing, I don't know if there's like a polling or a command or something, but it will be stuck in a state like it'll, if it hits finished, and you click on it, it'll clear that finish state, and then it'll eventually show that it's finished again, and it just blinks and flashes across the screen, which just doesn't make any sense. I'd like for it to be showing like which command is being run. Um, and some sort of like, some actual feedback to know what is, um, what's what's happening? The other pieces that when you click onto a node, unless you do like the visit project page, it actually isn't very helpful. So I want to be able to update that piece as well so that, um, when you click on it, it just automatically takes you to that project page. Um, and then in that project page, underneath the prototype, it says like prototype complete. I want there to be an embedded link inside to the storybook or chromatic. So I can actually see the prototype inside of Elmer, and use it, and then actually add feedback to it, and start that iterative loop. With that said, inside the project view, I'd like to be able to run individual commands on documents, on context, on that project. Like I would do if I was inside of my my cursor instance. I am not sure how that would look if it should be a new tab. Um, if there's like an indicator of words at stages, and you can move it inside of there. But part of it is that I want to be able to like interact with it. Another piece of that too, is that, um, I want to make sure all the markdown files are editable, that I can edit those, uh, make sure that they're actually functioning. Um. The other piece too is that some of the UI components are not actually configured for any type of display. For example, I have like the top. I just don't know if they're all responsive. I also wanna make sure that all the jobs actually function correctly, that maybe you can even see the output of what's running by clicking on it, because when they're in a locked state and a job's processing, sometimes it's hard to tell what it's actually doing. So even if it was like, um, in clawed code or in cursor where it's actually giving you like that feedback of what, what it's thinking about, what context it's, it's actually parsing would be, would be really nice. Um, I also have the chat component in the top right. I don't actually know what it does. Uh, it, it's not connected to anything. It doesn't give you any context. I wanna be able to ask about any projects, kind of even use it with slash commands. I'm not sure how much build like that is. The other thing I want is to change the inbox, so instead of it being a place where like projects go, it's actually like where documents or transcripts or anything can go that has to be processed, so like I can upload a document into my inbox, and then I can assign it to a project or I can add it as a persona or some, some sort of work needs to be done with that. Because I, I want to enable receiving web hooks so that from ask elephant, I can send a web hook from a workflow that has just the transcript, so that it'll land in my inbox, and then in my inbox, I can assign it to individual projects or create new projects, and then it would work really similar to like the ingest command, where it says, hey, has something actually happened? Is there a new project that needs to be added to? Um, what sort of user feedback do we need to extract and where does that go? That way we can start adding feedback, like adding those documents automatically to projects, so I want to make sure that the inbox can also be configured to have like except web hooks.